Because of the
amadaru
powder,
I'm a rain child, Amadare Mottsuri-san
Mottsuri, Mottsuri, Mottsuri-san
My little girl is calling me
Hello, little girl
What can I do for you?
Oh, I'm surprised. Who are you?
I'm not calling you.
But you called my name many times, didn't you?
Oh, what?
Amadare Mottsuri-san
Mottsuri, Mottsuri, Mottsuri-san
Yes, that's right. I'm Amadare Mottsuri-san.
And I just came from heaven.
Oh, really?
Then I'll ask you.
Why do you keep falling from the tree?
Well, you learned it at school, didn't you?
I learned it from Amadare Mottsuri-san.
I know it too.
Then let's sing together.
Yes.
When Amadare Mottsuri-san falls from the tree
and hits the tree with his left hand
he gets hit with his right hand
That's great.
Then tell me about your life.
Yes, I have it in my book.
It's called The Journey of Water.
I fell from the tree in the rain.
I was resting on a tree.
I was hit by the wind and I went into the valley with my friends.
You mean you met with your friends, didn't you?
Yes, we always meet with our friends.
We get along well.
That's good.
And then?
And then, the rain water.
The Rain Water
In the river of the river
There is a mountain of water
The water of the mountain